# ESP32-Rover
This is my long range rover that has theoretically infinite range as long as you've got a 4G connection. Down below you can see the full process and everything I've had to go through to make it. Perhaps treat this more as of a blog/documenting of an ongoing project, I am simply sharing the process and how I kept changing the design for what seems to be a simple project.

1. How did I get started?

The entire project started when my hoverboard died on me, I got left with two extremly powerful brushless motors with seemingly limitless applications. The idea was then obvious, a long range rover I could explore with. If I'm being honest, before this project i had absolutely no knowledge of arduino, webservers or anything related to that. So my first go to for a theoritical long range rover was using a long distance RC transmitter/receiver system. After short research I was fixated at the TBS Crossfire TX/RX system along with using a radio FPV camera. Immeidatly I figured out that wouldnt be possible, the idea with the rover was to be able to explore my local residental area freely, I didnt want to be bound by a couple of hundreds meters, I wanted to be able to travel kms away. The radio frequency for both the TBS crossfire and the FPV camera wouldnt be able to penetrate walls and keep and stable connection. Disappointed by this I looked to abandon this project, then i thought of something when playing CS:GO. I am able to control a character with low latency across half the world with the help of webservers. Why shouldnt this be able to be done for say my rover?
